0: Welcome to  threadsofminds.ca . Alan Zhu (hereafter referred to as “Threads of Minds”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) provides a platform for online courses (collectively, the “Services”), which Services are accessible at threadsofminds.ca and any other websites through which Threads of Minds makes the Services available (collectively, the “Site”).
1: The Site and Services are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the “Terms”). Your use of the Site and Services constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference. We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms at any time without prior notice to you, and your continued use of the Site following Threads of Minds’s posting of any changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. We encourage you to review these Terms whenever you use the Site.
2: Privacy  
3: Your use of the Site and Services are subject to Threads of Minds’s Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs the Site and informs users of our data collection practices. 
4: Eligibility  
5: As a condition of your use of the Service, you agree to (a) provide Threads of Minds with true, accurate, current and complete information as prompted by the Threads of Minds registration forms, when registering for or using the Service and (b) update and maintain the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of such information.
6: Links to Third Party Sites/Third Party Services  
7: The Site and Services contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Threads of Minds and Threads of Minds assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites, and you access and use these websites solely at your own risk. Threads of Minds is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Threads of Minds of the site or any association with its operators. By using the Site or Services, you expressly relieve Threads of Minds from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website and from any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from dealing with any third party. It is up to you to take appropriate precautions to ensure that any website you visit is free of destructive items such as worms or viruses. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the terms and conditions of use for each other website that you visit. Certain services made available via the Site or Services are delivered by third-party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the Site, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Threads of Minds may share such information and data with any third party with whom Threads of Minds has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of users and customers of the Site or Services.
8: ​
9: Further, in your use of the Site and Services, you may not:
10:  
11: Threads of Minds will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Threads of Minds to disclose the identity of anyone violating these Terms.
12: In its sole discretion, in addition to any other rights or remedies available to and without any liability whatsoever, Threads of Minds may at any time and without notice may terminate or restrict your access to any component of the Site.
13: Electronic Communications/Notice  
14: Visiting or using the Site or Services or sending emails to Threads of Minds constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receiving electronic communications, and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email or by posting the notices on the Site satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. All notices to Threads of Minds will be provided by sending an email to threadsofminds@gmail.com . Such notices will be deemed delivered upon the earlier of the verification of delivery or two (2) business days after being sent.
15: Use of Communication Services  
16: The Site may contain bulletin board services, blogs, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
17:  
18: By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
19:  
20: Threads of Minds has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Threads of Minds reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Threads of Minds reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
21: Threads of Minds reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Threads of Minds’s sole discretion.
22: Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Threads of Minds does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Threads of Minds specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Threads of Minds spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Threads of Minds.
23: Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
24: Materials Provided to Threads of Minds or Posted on Any Threads of Minds Web Page. Threads of Minds does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Threads of Minds (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Threads of Minds Site or our associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submissions you are granting Threads of Minds, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use your Submissions in connection with the operation of the Site or Services or our affiliated companies’ Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submissions; and to publish or refrain from publishing your name in connection with your Submissions.
25: No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submissions, as provided herein. Threads of Minds is under no obligation to post or use any Submissions you may provide and may remove any Submissions at any time in Threads of Minds’s sole discretion.
26: By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submissions, you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submissions as described in this Section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions and the rights granted to Threads of Minds herein.
27: No Endorsement  
28: Threads of Minds does not endorse any of the courses about which information is provided via the Site or Services. You are responsible for determining the identity and suitability of others whom you contact via the Site or Services. We will not be responsible for any damage or harm resulting from your interactions with any online course providers. Your dealings with online course providers and any other terms, conditions, representations or warranties associated with such dealings, are between you and such online course providers exclusively and do not involve Threads of Minds. You should make whatever investigation or other resources that you deem necessary or appropriate before signing up for any online courses.
29: By using the Site or Services, you agree that any legal remedy or liability that you seek to obtain for actions or omissions of any online course providers or other third parties will be limited to a claim against the particular online course providers or other third parties who caused you harm, and you agree not to attempt to impose liability on, or seek any legal remedy from Threads of Minds with respect to such actions or omissions and hereby release Threads of Minds from any and all liability for or relating to any interactions or dealings with online course providers.
30: International Users  
31: The Site and Services are controlled, operated and administered by Threads of Minds from our offices within Canada. If you access the Site or Services from a location outside the Canada, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. You agree that you will not use the Threads of Minds content accessed through the Site or Services in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
32: Delays  
33: The Site or Services may be subject to limitations, delays and other problems inherent in the use of the Internet and electronic communications. Threads of Minds is not responsible for any delays, failures or other damage resulting from such problems.
34: Indemnification  
35: You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Threads of Minds, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or Services; any user postings made by you; your violation of these Terms; your violation of any rights of a third party; or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Threads of Minds reserves the right, at its own cost and sole discretion, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Threads of Minds in asserting any available defenses.
36: Warranty and Liability Disclaimer  
37: The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the Site or Services may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Threads of Minds and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the site at any time.
38: Threads of Minds and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the site for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. Threads of Minds and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
39: YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT Threads of Minds WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF Threads of Minds HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”), RESULTING FROM: (A) THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (B) THE COST OF ANY GOODS AND/OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE; (C) DISCLOSURE OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT; (D) CONTENT YOU SUBMIT, RECEIVE, ACCESS, TRANSMIT OR OTHERWISE CONVEY THROUGH THE SERVICE; (E) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY ONLINE COURSE PROVIDERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICE; (F) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE; (G) ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT BY Threads of Minds OR THE FAILURE OF Threads of Minds TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (H) ANY OTHER DEALINGS OR INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH ANY ONLINE COURSE PROVIDERS (OR ANY OF THEIR REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS). THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitations may not apply to You.
40: Termination/Access Restriction  
41: Threads of Minds reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and Services and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
42: No Joint Venture  
43: You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Threads of Minds as a result of this agreement or use of the Site or Services.
44: Entire Agreement  
45: Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Threads of Minds with respect to the Site or Services and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Threads of Minds with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
46: If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. These Terms will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
47: Changes to Terms  
48: Threads of Minds reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which the Site and Services are offered, and such modification(s) will be effective immediately upon being posted on our Site (threadsofminds.ca). The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Threads of Minds encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates. Your continued use of the Site or Services after such modifications will be deemed to be your conclusive acceptance of all modifications to this Agreement. If you are dissatisfied as a result of such modification(s), your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of the Site or Services.
49: Contact Us  
50: Threads of Minds welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms by emailing us at  threadsofminds@gmail.com .
51: IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT USE THE SERVICE. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
52:  